all right so this is going to be an
update to the YouTube channel because
there's a lot of people freaking out
thinking
I'm missing or
gone I'm on vacation folks but uh I took
the opportunity to sit down here this
morning with you and try to hopefully
make a mile marker on the equity on this
Live account I'm going to try to hit
,000 so I'm watching this potentially
make a fair value Gap I want to see that
swing High
broken let's see if we get that
here and again this account is really
meant to show like averaging like 20% a
month I get questions all the time like
you know what do I think a student that
has gone through all the teachings have
worked out a model you know what could
they recently expect to see and what
could be done without really pushing the
envelope and this is kind of like my
answer to that also to kind of like
remind everybody I'm not just finding
cherry pick trades in AO account I can
trade with live funds
too all right so we're about to break
that swing high if it does that'll be
bullish Market structure I'm thinking we
can trade back to on the daily chart
back to like
14,000 but that's a little bit of a
stretch so far
intraday okay we have the market
structure bullish now so there's a fair
value
Gap I'll highlight that I'll go into the
chart
here I'm watching this candle see how it
closes because that will complete
our imbalance
so you can see that right
there okay give me
another right there that's the low end
of the fair value G this thing's always
tricky all right so now we have to close
of that candle so now I can I'm a little
off on that cuz I'm clumsy with uh
thinker swim change the color here so
you can see a little bit
better now it's technically the open so
it's a little bit of volatility that
comes in here it can overshoot that low
I don't care if it does if it goes back
up into the fair value capap I will buy
it okay now when you're entering on like
the opening like 9:30 equities opening
uh you could take a long entry here but
you don't know how far it's going to
whip below that low and you could be
wrong and painfully wrong so what I'm
watching is does it want to go below
that short-term low that's already
created moments
ago which would be outside and below the
fair value Gap and it does not negate
the fair value Gap because I'm using
narrative narrative is is I expect
people to look at that and say okay it's
going to go up and they're already
trying to buy right now now but their
stop loss is going to be below that
swing
low so sell stops are resting at
13,612 they just took those now now this
is a high-risk entry long there but I'm
watching price now entering that same
fair value got so one more time to see
if it wants to poke a little bit lower
and I'm again my daily bias is bullish
so I'm looking for higher prices so I'm
going to go and aim for the 80 level
that'll give me a nice figure to run to
50,000 on Equity I do believe it's going
to go higher but I'm on vacation so I
want to kind of like let me take this
long
entry and there you go all right so now
I'm
watching price
and I want to see it expand up now
because it's the opening and I don't
know where if we whip below that low
I'll give it a chance to go below it
just by a little bit and I'll close it
at
Market generally I like to trade with a
stop loss but if I'm trading the open
like this stops can be taken really
really easily and then reverse and then
never give you a chance to be in it so
I'm allowing myself a little bit of
flexibility
I'm not trying to encourage you to trade
without a stop LX believe me I'm I'm
right here ready to click and close it
if it trades below
it and I want to see to expand
up now I want to see an energetic run
above the swing high that was formed
just to the left of where we are right
now there is a fair value Gap at the
680 level and it's above equilibrium so
it would be a premium market so that's
why I'm going to be targeting the 80
level plus it's around 50 handle so that
gives me about $1,000 or
more all right so now right now at this
moment I want to see it expand
aggressively not you dilly dally around
I want to see it really try to spread
its wings and take off and start moving
there's a small little fair value Gap in
the last three candles up I don't think
it needs to fill that in or even revisit
it but if it were to I would expect
price to be you know supported by that
so other words not going below the 630
level
okay now at this moment I could put the
stop loss on at my entry and if it takes
me out then I'm would basically move to
the sidelines and wouldn't take any more
trades today because it's F1 see
and FC you can trade in the morning but
you got to be done
early if you're trading
equities it's important to be aware of
the economic calendar because we're
probably going to have a lot of
volatility later on today I still think
they'll push it higher with that so
here's my limit order I'm going place it
there and we'll see if we can get this
puy to reach up there and grab it I mean
I feel confident it's going to go way
beyond that but short little Scout out
very little draw down about three
handles of draw down if that from the
entry or the the candle I entered I want
to say it that way the low from my entry
was only like three handles
below I have to have to go watch the
video and see what the actual draw down
was from the point of entry I'm not sure
if I had any if I did then that's what
it was limited to 60 bucks or
so not bad if you're trying to make
$1,000
had a small little Scout early in the
morning all right
and now this is where neight Traders or
newbies they get
nervous hit the wrong thing here I
always
think I'm on the other platforms I use a
trade station and I use trading View and
it's different settings and different
things you can look for all right so
there's my fill on the limit order
rounding out the day and the month of
March I will not be taking any more
trades this month so $1,255 on two
trades about $15 or so in commissions so
take that off of there that will be the
net for the day I'll take you over to
the monitor tab here after I scrunch
this up and show you the the run on the
price now I think it's going to go
higher but here's the monitor tab
showing the actual trades today and you
can see the profit and loss since I
started this account and the commissions
which are high because I did a lot of
latency tests and I've done a lot of
things that would kind of like mimic
what a new Trader would do once they get
into live fund trading